clarification on padding (#433)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-manageability.md

a server during the handshake. In addition, the symmetry of a flow (whether
primarily client-to-server, primarily server-to-client, or roughly
bidirectional, as input to basic traffic classification techniques) can be
inferred through the measurement of data rate in each direction. As QUIC

> encrypts data as well as control frames, the role of an endpoint can only 

Author: ```suggestion
encrypts data as well as control frames, the role of an endpoint can only
```

> inferred through the measurement of data rate in each direction. As QUIC
> encrypts data as well as control frames, the role of an endpoint can only
> be estimated based on the packet size. However, QUIC packets containing
> only control frames, such as ACK-only packets, may be padded; but padding is
> not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
inferred through the measurement of data rate in each direction. Note that QUIC packets containing only control frames (such as ACK-only packets) may be padded.
This padding, though optional, may conceal connection roles or flow symmetry
information.
```
